Reformat and update FRC Game Tools (#890)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/zero-to-robot/step-2/frc-game-tools.rst

=============================

The FRC Game Tools contains the following software components:

- LabVIEW Update
- FRC Driver Station

> - FRC Utilities.

Reviewer: Remove period

The LabVIEW runtime components required for the Driver Station and Utilities are included in this package.

> .. note:: No components from the LabVIEW Software for FRC package are required for running either the Driver Station or Utilities.

Author: I thought it referred to not needing the full LabVIEW installation?

> .. note:: No components from the LabVIEW Software for FRC package are required for running either the Driver Station or Utilities.

Reviewer 2: you're right

Requirements
------------

> - Windows 7 or higher (Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10). Windows XP is not supported. Windows 10 is the recommended OS.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Windows 7 or higher (Windows 7, 8, 8.1, 10). Windows 10 is the recommended OS.
```

- Download the update from `NI <https://www.ni.com/en-us/support/downloads/drivers/download.frc-game-tools.html>`__.

.. image:: images/labview/offline-installer.png

> If you wish to install on other machines offline, do not click the :guilabel:`Download` button, click :guilabel:`Individual Offline Installers` and then click :guilabel:`Download`, to download the full installer.

Reviewer 4: This sentence seems a bit clunky, the punctuation doesn't help. How about this phrasing:
```suggestion
If you wish to install on other machines offline, click :guilabel:`Individual Offline Installers` before clicking :guilabel:`Download` to download the full installer.
```

Uninstall Old Versions (Recommended)
------------------------------------

> .. warning:: LabVIEW teams have already completed this step, do not repeat it.

Reviewer 4: This seems a bit light to be a warning. Doesn't have to be `note`, but should be lighter than `warning`.
```suggestion
.. note:: LabVIEW teams have already completed this step, do not repeat it.
```

Reviewer 2: I disagree. Reinstalling LabVIEW because you accidentally uninstalled it is a pretty big deal. I think this deserves a warning

Author: Alternative suggestion, use ``.. important::``. I think it's better for this anyways.

   .. tab:: Offline (Windows 10)

      Right click on the downloaded iso file and select :guilabel:`mount`. Run ``install.exe`` from the mounted iso. Click :guilabel:`Yes` if a Windows Security prompt appears.

      .. image:: images/labview/mount-iso.png

      .. note:: Other installed programs may associate with iso files and the :guilabel:`mount` option may not appear. If that software does not give the option to mount or extract the iso file, then follow the directions in the "Offline Installer (Windows 7, 8, & 8.1)" tab.

   .. tab:: Offline (Windows 7, 8, 8.1)

      Install 7-Zip (download `here <https://www.7-zip.org>`__). As of the writing of this document, the current released version is 19.00 (2019-02-21). Right click on the downloaded iso file and select :guilabel:`Extract to`.

      .. image:: images/labview/extract-iso.png

      Run ``install.exe`` from the extracted folder. Click :guilabel:`Yes` if a Windows Security prompt appears.

NI Package Manager License
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: images/labview/ni-package-license.png

> If you see this screen, click :guilabel:`Next`. This screen just confirms that you agree to NI Package Manager License agreement.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If you see this screen, click :guilabel:`Next`. This screen confirms that you agree to NI Package Manager License agreement.
```

Disable Windows Fast Startup
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. image:: images/labview/labview_fast_startup.png

> It is recommended to leave this screen as-is, as Windows Fast Startup can cause issues with the NI drivers required to image the roboRIO. Go ahead and click :guilabel:`Next`.

Author: Personal experience alongside https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows-hardware/drivers/kernel/distinguishing-fast-startup-from-wake-from-hibernation

Pretty sure the Rio USB drivers don't properly support it.

> It's recommended to leave this screen as-is, as Windows Fast Startup can cause issues with the NI drivers require to image the roboRIO. Go ahead and click :guilabel:`Next`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is recommended to leave this screen as-is, as Windows Fast Startup can cause issues with the NI drivers required to image the roboRIO. Go ahead and click :guilabel:`Next`.
```
